README.md, before:

# Welcome to My GitHub Profile

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-hideki-nishijima-yohei-a60a5b226/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a>
  <a href="mailto:williamhnyohei@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-%23333?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=williamhnyohei" alt="Profile View Counter" style="max-width: 10%; height: auto;"/>
</div>

---

### About Me

👋 Hello! My name is **William Hideki Nishijima Yohei**, and I am a dedicated **Full Stack Developer** with a growing focus on **Data Analysis** and **Artificial Intelligence**. I hold a degree in **Computer Science** from **UNESP Rio Claro**, and have over **3 years of experience** in the tech industry.

Throughout my journey, I've built robust systems using **Vue.js**, **Node.js**, **GraphQL**, and **MongoDB**, and recently expanded my skill set to include **supervised machine learning**, **generative AI**, and **data-driven applications**. I actively study and apply these concepts using platforms like **DeepLearning.AI**, **Digital Innovation One**, and **Santander Bootcamps**, while also engaging in academic and community events like the **Semana da Computação da UNESP RC**.


<div align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/qgQUggAC3Pfv687qPC/giphy.gif" alt="Coding GIF" width="300"/>
</div>

---

### GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

| [![GitHub Commits](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/productive-time?username=williamhnyohei&theme=dracula&utcOffset=-3)](https://github.com/vn7n24fzkq/github-profile-summary-cards) | [![GitHub Details](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=williamhnyohei&theme=dracula)](https://github.com/vn7n24fzkq/github-profile-summary-cards) |
| ----------- | ----------- |

</div>

---

### Skills

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://skillicons.dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,vscode,javascript,typescript,css,html,react,angular,vue,tailwind,sass,nodejs,nuxtjs,express,docker,figma,jest,linux,postman,bootstrap,mongodb,firebase,postgres,aws,c,py,flutter,regex,java,eclipse" alt="Skills"/>
  </a>
</div>

---

### Trophies

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=williamhnyohei&row=1&column=6&theme=dracula&margin-w=15&margin-h=15" alt="GitHub Trophies"/>
</div>

---

Thank you for visiting my profile! 🚀

Commit message:

Revise 'About Me' section in README
Updated the 'About Me' section to reflect current role and projects.

README.md, after:

# Welcome to My GitHub Profile

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/william-hideki-nishijima-yohei-a60a5b226/" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a>
  <a href="mailto:williamhnyohei@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-%23333?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" target="_blank"></a>
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=williamhnyohei" alt="Profile View Counter" style="max-width: 10%; height: auto;"/>
</div>

---

### About Me

## 👋 About Me  

Hello! My name is **William Hideki Nishijima Yohei**, and I’m a **Full Stack Developer** and **AI Solutions Specialist** with a degree in **Computer Science** from **UNESP Rio Claro** and over **three years of experience** in software development, automation, and applied artificial intelligence.  

I have strong expertise in **Vue.js**, **Node.js**, **GraphQL**, and **MongoDB**, having contributed to the full-stack development and successful launch of the **Cotagri platform** at *Yeb Inteligência de Mercado*. My work focused on **system scalability**, **data integration**, and **client-driven product delivery**.  

Currently, I work at the **Fundação Vanzolini**, developing **AI-powered tools** for institutions such as **DETRAN**, **SEDUC**, and **EMASP**.  
These solutions focus on **document analysis**, **data extraction**, and **automated content validation**, leveraging **Python**, **LLMs**, and **custom NLP pipelines** to improve efficiency and quality in public sector processes.  

I’m also advancing my expertise in **AI-driven product development**, building projects that combine **machine learning**, **automation**, and **user-centric design** — including:  
- **[Vetra](#)**: an AI-powered “wallet antivirus” for crypto users.  
- **[DeepSeek VS Code Extension](#)**: integrates intelligent chat capabilities directly into developer workflows.  

I’m motivated by challenges that blend **data, intelligence, and user experience**. I continuously pursue growth through **bootcamps**, **research**, and **collaborative innovation**, actively studying and applying these concepts using platforms like **DeepLearning.AI**, **Digital Innovation One**, and **Santander Bootcamps**, while also engaging in academic and community events such as the **Semana da Computação da UNESP RC**.  

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/qgQUggAC3Pfv687qPC/giphy.gif" alt="Coding GIF" width="300"/>
</div>

---

### GitHub Stats

<div align="center">

| [![GitHub Commits](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/productive-time?username=williamhnyohei&theme=dracula&utcOffset=-3)](https://github.com/vn7n24fzkq/github-profile-summary-cards) | [![GitHub Details](http://github-profile-summary-cards.vercel.app/api/cards/profile-details?username=williamhnyohei&theme=dracula)](https://github.com/vn7n24fzkq/github-profile-summary-cards) |
| ----------- | ----------- |

</div>

---

### Skills

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://skillicons.dev">
    <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,vscode,javascript,typescript,css,html,react,angular,vue,tailwind,sass,nodejs,nuxtjs,express,docker,figma,jest,linux,postman,bootstrap,mongodb,firebase,postgres,aws,c,py,flutter,regex,java,eclipse" alt="Skills"/>
  </a>
</div>

---

### Trophies

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=williamhnyohei&row=1&column=6&theme=dracula&margin-w=15&margin-h=15" alt="GitHub Trophies"/>
</div>

---

Thank you for visiting my profile! 🚀
